Hey there! I can certainly help you set up Firebase Hosting for your web app. Here's a breakdown to get you going:

Before You Start

Make sure you have a Firebase project set up. Since you already have one ("Gorf", project ID gorf-jogo-de-bebidas ), you're one step ahead! Also, ensure you have the Firebase CLI installed and connected to your Google account.

Steps to Deploy

Install and Log in to the Firebase CLI:

Install the Firebase CLI by running:

curl -sL firebase.tools | bash
If you're running Windows, follow the steps in the Firebase documentation to install the Firebase CLI.

Log in to Firebase using your Google account:

firebase login
Verify the CLI is properly installed and can access your account by listing your Firebase projects:

firebase projects:list
Connect Your Project:

In your project directory, start the interactive workflow:

firebase init hosting --project=gorf-jogo-de-bebidas
Answer the prompts:

What do you want to use as your public directory? dist

Configure as a single-page app (rewrite all URLs to /index.html)? Y

Set up automatic builds and deploys with GitHub? N

File public/index.html already exists. Overwrite? N

Deploy Your Site:

Deploy your site by running:

firebase deploy --only=hosting --project=gorf-jogo-de-bebidas
Access Your Web App:

Once the deploy is complete, Firebase will provide you with two URLs where your web app is accessible:

https://gorf-jogo-de-bebidas.firebaseapp.com

https://gorf-jogo-de-bebidas.web.app

Extra Goodies

Testing: It's a good idea to use a separate Firebase project for testing to protect your live app from any unintentional changes.

Firebase Hosting REST API: : You can enable the Firebase Hosting REST API in the Google APIs console to deploy to your site. Every Firebase project has a corresponding project in the Google APIs console.

Google Analytics: Your Firebase project is integrated with Google Analytics, you can use Firebase A/B Testing, Cloud Messaging, Crashlytics, In-App Messaging, and Remote Config (including Personalization).

And that's it! Your web app should now be live and accessible via the Firebase Hosting URLs. Let me know if you have any more questions or run into any snags!